My son's story
begins in the ocean.
A place full of secrets.
Some are beautiful,
some are dangerous.
Its mysteries have baffled
mankind for centuries.
None more so than the Bermuda Triangle.
But in order to understand the Triangle,
you must understand my son.
Although he lives among you, he was
born in the darkest reaches of the sea.
I'd hoped to teach him
the ways of the world.
How to lead a good life
and become a good man.
But then...
I was taken from him.
Turtle 1,
Turtle 1.
Tempest Key coast guard to Turtle 1.
Atlanna, you're out there?
Flying high and free.
All the hatcheries were undisturbed.
You missed me?
More than I can say on an open frequency.
How'd your new research assistant pan out?
Oh, he's got something to tell you.
Dad, Mum let me touch
this big old sea turtle.
It was the coolest thing ever.
And dad, I hold my breathe
under water for almost five minutes.
Hey, that is incredible, kiddo.
I swear, you must be part fish.
Hey, we're less than an hour away.
You wanna grab a pizza and meet us?
Tom?
Tom, can you read me?
Oh, my God.
Atlanna, sweetheart, I lost you.
Atlanna?
Arthur, buckle on!
Honey, get in your seat.
O'Hara, do we get a
storm brewing out there?
No, sir.
Blue skies for 500 miles.
Hold on.
Mommy!
Mommy help me!
Mommy! Mommy help me!
I'm stuck! I can't get out!
They're coming for you.
You have to get to the surface.
Do good with your life.
I will find you again, I promise.
I love you, Orin.
Mommy?
Uh?
Mom!
Morning, A.C.
You had a busy night.
Come on, get out of here.
What'd I do this time, sheriff?
That depends on where you were
at ten o'clock last night?
Hmm, I don't wear a watch.
I couldn't tell you.
Then you didn't break into Neptune World
and free five dolphins?
-You got the wrong man.
-Is that so?
All right.
How do you explain these Kodak moments?
Sir, come on.
Any ten year old with a PC could have
photoshopped those pictures.
Come on, AC.
Look, you're under arrest for breaking
and entering and animal endangerment.
Endangerment?
Come on, I've seen port-a-potties that
were cleaner than in that theme park.
I was doing those dolphins a favor.
Yeah, the world is full
of misunderstood heroes.
Come on.
Thanks for bailing me out, dad.
I promise I'll pay you back.
A.C, I know your heart is
on the right place,
but come on this is
the third time this year.
Well I guess these are the days
when you wish you never would
-have signed those adoption papers.
-Hey, kiddo.
No matter how many times you screw up and
you're definitely going for the record here,
I will always be your father.
All right, I gotta go to work.
You know, it's ten years today
since Mom disappeared.
AC, please, don't.
Don't do this to yourself.
But we were flying over the
Bermuda Triangle. She called me Orin.
She said she had so
much to tell me.
Didn't she also say do
good with your life?
I don't see you fixated on that.
You should be at Stanford right now,
not worrying about being incarcerated.
I'm not leaving Tempest Key until
I find out what happened to mom.
Look, I miss her too.
But you're not a teenager anymore.
You have so much potential.
I hate to see it go to waste.
Look I've messed up.
I'm sorry.
If you're really sorry,
pull your life together, kiddo.
I'll see you later.
Rough night?
No. No, the night was fine.
But this day keeps sucking
more and more by a minute.
Why are you putting a
for-sale sign on my boat?
Technically, the boat's
still mine.
Figured it was time for me
to cut my losses.
Eva.
I know you're mad about the chargers
I blew off this morning.
You know, there's something ironic about
watching five cardiologist,
have a heart attack when you tell them
their diving instructor is in jail.
Now see, technically, it was a holding cell
and the plan was not to get arrested.
You know, that's what
you said when you swam
aboard the cruise ship
and ran out the bar tab.
It was a wedding.
You know, I got caught up in the moment.
I bought everyone a round.
And for the record, the bridesmaids did
said that my toast was incredibly romantic.
Well, maybe one of them should have
wired you the money to cover the bill.
You're not really gonna sell
my boat, are you?
AC, come on, we're supposed to be
business partners.
Why did you pick last night
to go Greenpeace on me?
You want to know the real
reason why I freed those dolphins?
It's because I felt like
they were calling to me.
What are you saying,
you can talk to fish now?
Dolphins are mammals and...
Nose, more... They, huh...
Weird empathy.
If you want, I can call a friend
over at dolphin rescue
and we can set up a legal defense fund.
OK.
OK. Thanks.
Don't worry.
And get to work.
Getting' tired of
staring at these bottles.
Anyone around here wanna
pour me a drink?
Little early for happy hour,
don't you think?
You're Tom Curry's boy.
I've seen you diving at Mercy Reef.
Didn't realize I had a fan club.
You don't.
You're in a light house
at an endless point.
Goals of nothing on my view.
It sounds beautiful.
I remember the day your mother's
plane went down.
That cloudless Caribbean sky.
God couldn't have
painted a prettier picture.
Then out of nowhere came this storm.
I'm sorry, who are you ?
Name's McCaffery.
Keep the change.
Arthur...
If you look hard and long
enough into the deep.
Something's going to start looking back.
Watch yourself.
This is coast guard rescue.
We have a possible ship break victim.
This is coast guard rescue. We've
got an unidentified male, mid-twenties.
-He's hypothermic.
-Pupils aren't responding.
They're coming. I mu...
I must warn Orin. Orin.
Alright, take it easy, buddy.
Take it easy.
We're taking you to the hospital.
This is unit 66. We are on route
to Mercy Reef hospital.
Let's go!
Don't forget to take left to Cuba, Torres.
You think, I'm taking directions from you
Munts? You'd get lost in a two lane highway.
-Lieutenant Torres.
-Commandant Alley.
You've got a new mission.
Coordinates are in your NavCom.
You're flying over Mercy Reef.
-Permission to speak freely.
-Go ahead.
Sir, if you've given me an easier
assignment because you don't believe
I can handle the rigors of this program
you're a 100%...
This is not the LPGA, Torres.
You tee off with the men.
These orders come from way above my head.
They told me to put my best pilot on it.
They need a clean sweep of the area.
Now about blowing off sunshine
off your backside. You're ready to fly?
-Yes, sir.
-Good.
Now, the coast guards have pulled a
John Doe off the Reef.
No boat, no I.D and no idea
where he came from.
It's wrangled some
feathers of the food chain.
If you see anything out of the ordinary,
you let me know.
Lieutenant Torres reporting
as ordered.
I'm flying over Mercy Reef,
there's nothing out here, guys.
Wait a second, something's below
the surface, following me.
It's coming on fast.
Hang on. It just dropped back.
I'm gonna circle around.
There is a disturbance in the ocean!
There's a light... It...
-It's you.
-Welcome back.
Doctors said I could wait
here until you woke up.
I hope the Navy doesn't have a
"You break it, you bought it" policy.
You remember anything?
Just a flash of light.
Then is... flying through the water.
And you were carrying me.
And we were going so fast.
You know, when you're drowning,
your brain loses oxygen
And you start to see things that
aren't real. Maybe you should rest.
Is that your way of saying that I'm crazy?
Your plane crashed at 700 miles an hour.
So I'm gonna reserve judgment
until the painkillers wear off.
I better go tell the nurse you're awake.
Wait.
What's your name?
It's not important.
You saved my life.
It's important to me.
AC.
Orin?
They know, you're here.
They know you survived.
Why did you call me that?
Where did you get this necklace?
They're coming... For you...
-Who are you?
-Visiting hours are over.
Who the hell are you?
This badge means I'm the only
one asking questions.
Where are you taking him?
I said where're you taking him?
I asked you a question.
Where are you taking him?
We got him.
When did he wake up?
Five minutes ago.
Is he displaying any violent
tendencies like the others?
No, Sir. This is the file you
requested from the NAVY archives.
The dental records match our John Doe.
Ensign Gus Thompson. Member of flight 19
that disappeared December 5th.
1945... Bermuda Triangle.
Welcome home Ensign Thompson.
Where the hell have you been
for the last 60 years?
Just tell him to call
his son. It's about the
man he pulled off
Mercy Reef this morning.
...the size of this bitch.
I tell you where I got the
perfect spot in the house
for the lady. Right above....
Easy.
I've already told them to
dock some place else and
I'm gonna report the boat
tomorrow to the Fish and Wildlife.
Fines not gonna stop these guys.
I just gonna go remind them about
the catch and release policy of marlin.
AC, kicking the crap out of a bunch of
fishermen is only gonna lead you back in jail.
Okay?
It's amazing how cruel people can be.
Yeah. It bothers me more and more.
That marlin should be in the ocean,
not hanging on some moron's fireplace.
Maybe someday the
fish will get their revenge.
I don't know. I think rednecks
make pretty ugly trophies.
I'm Nadia.
I heard you're pretty
amazing under the water.
If you would like me to take me diving,
I'm free tomorrow.
I was hoping
we could do something now.
-Let's get out of here.
-Great idea.
-Let's go for a swim.
-Must've read my mind.
You're not bad under the water yourself.
Years of practice.
You know, we met a long time ago.
Are you sure about that?
Because I definitely would
have remembered you.
Let me refresh your memory.
Nadia?
OK, you're really
starting to freak me out here.
Nadia?
I hate those damn things.
What the hell was she?
Get your clothes on.
We need to talk.
Once a siren has you in her
gaze, there's nothing a man can do.
A siren? Of course. You act
like you see them all the time.
I've seen my fair share.
Unfortunately, my aim is a little rusty.
The only way to kill those scaly
bitches is to nail them between the eyes.
Who are you?
An exile like you and your mother.
Exile from where?
It's called different
names by different cultures.
You probably know by
its most famous: Atlantis.
Atlantis. Yeah, right.
Next time you're in
Atlantis, can you say hi
to Captain Nemo and
the Little Mermaid for me?
You think I wanted to
be the one to tell you ?
No, I think you need to
lay off the booze, old man.
It pickled your brain.
You can't run away
from you true calling, Orin.
So let me get this straight...
My parents were the rulers of Atlantis.
So I guess, technically,
that would make me...
A prince.
You know, the fact that you can say that
with with a straight face is impressive.
Let me ask you a question.
Does Atlantis has a retractable dome?
Or does everyone just swim
around in there like a bunch of fish?
Don't mock me.
You think I don't know
how absurd this sounds?
But you saw that siren.
Was that a joke?
Okay, so if Atlantis exists...
Then how come
no sub sonar or deep sea probe
has been able to discover it, huh?
Because it's cloaked in a shroud no modern
technology can penetrate.
The Bermuda Triangle.
Your father was a man of peace.
There were others who wanted to
wage war against the surface world.
Your father resisted.
So what? They killed him?
Now they want me dead too.
I managed to get you and your mother out.
Knew the only place you
would be safe was up here.
You were found on Mercy Reef,
by a young coast guard lieutenant.
My dad.
Then he knows.
No.
Your mother insisted that we said nothing.
She probably thought
she could hide you from you true destiny.
Yeah, and what's my true destiny, huh?
To defend this world
you've embraced as your own
and protect the ocean
from which you were born.
So you want me to fight sirens
and Standard Oil?
Is that it?
You know what? Forget it.
Find somebody else.
I'm not interested.
You can't avoid your responsibility,
Orin. It's in your bones and you know it.
This is insane. I'm a dive shop owner.
I'm not the protector of the Seven Seas!
Destiny is like a riptide. You never
know it's pulling you until its too late.
So this girl, Nadia, is actually a
killer mermaid who
wants to take you out because
you're some sort of under water royalty?
In a clam shell, yeah.
Huh, well they always look so
friendly on the Starbuck's cups.
Well, I didn't believe it either until that
siren tried to kill me.
She's coming back for me.
Then I suggest a road trip to the desert
with a truck full of Evian.
Eva.
I think she is the creature
that attacked my mom.
I have to face her.
You're really serious about this.
You should close up for a couple of days.
Head out of town.
I don't want you caught
in the middle of this.
What about you?
I'm taking the Quint to Atlas Point.
McCaffery's got weapons there.
Well, looks like there's
a storm coming anyway.
Maybe I'll go visit my sister in Tampa.
Look, I'm sorry about all this insanity.
Yeah well, being friends with
you has always required a leap of faith.
Besides, some day you'll make it up
to me give me a cool title like...
"Duchess of the Deep"
I don't know how you escaped from Atlantis.
But thank you for leading me to Orin.
Good to see you back on your feet,
Lieutenant Torres.
Thank you, sir.
But I'm confused.
I already went over the accident
report with commandant Haley.
I understand that but
I'm the one who ordered the mission.
I wanted to debrief you myself.
And who exactly do you work for?
Top dog, lieutenant.
Commander in Chief.
I was curious about that flash of light
that you saw right before you lost control.
To be honest sir,
I was disoriented.
It could've been a sun flair.
You wanna placate me.
I won't think you've lost your mind.
After all, you were flying
over the Bermuda Triangle.
With all due respect, sir,
that's just a myth.
I used to share that sentiment.
What changed your mind?
Why don't I show you?
Last year, this man, boarded
an oil platform
in Golf of Mexico and
attempted to blow it sky high.
He was killed before he succeeded.
His name was Evan Corday.
He disappeared along with his yacht.
Off the coast of Bermuda.
On July 6th 1905.
It's impossible. It must have been a
descendant or somebody who looked like him.
I'd agree with you, except that the finger
prints were perfect match.
And he's not the first one to come back.
Come back from where?
That's what Project Nova's
aims to find out.
I want you to join us Lieutenant.
Help unlock the mysteries
of the Bermuda Triangle.
Sir, I'm a pilot. I don't know
what relevant experience I could offer.
You have more experience than any of us.
You witnessed something extraordinary
out there and you lived to tell the tale.
I don't believe a pilot of your impeccable
record can be taken out of the sky
by a sun flair or freak
mechanical failure, lieutenant.
Sir, I joined up to fly jets
and serve my country.
Not chase windmills.
This is not a fool's crusade.
This is a matter of national security.
All these files contain pictures of people
who have vanished in the Bermuda Triangle.
They are MIA's in an invisible war.
And Tempest Key is the front line.
Yeah?
I'll be right there.
If you want to see how real this is
come with me, lieutenant.
Eva you need to hit
the road or you're never
gonna to make it out
of here before the storm.
Once you lock down, I'll go.
I don't want to come back and find half
our restaurant under water.
I got it, I got it, I got it.
So once you've taken
care of business... ah...
...We should talk to the bank about
a lender upgrade to your boat.
Oh, great.
Power lines have blown over.
No, it must be the circuit breaker.
Lights are still on at Captain Jack's.
-Are you sure you know what you're doing?
-Yeah, trust me.
Would it kill you to hold
the flashlight steady?
It's very funny, Eva.
Aww.
Couldn't hide forever, Orin.
Eva.
Sorry about your friend.
But I'm more concerned about your life now.
McCaffery.
She got you, too?
Where is she taking us?
Home. To Atlantis.
To be executed.
Why hasn't she got us already?
You're a symbol of hope, Orin.
If they kill you,
that hope dies too.
-Then I need water.
-My flask, it's in my boot.
Smash it!
-How do we take her down?
-We aren't doing anything.
You're getting off this boat.
No!
No! That thing took my mom
and attacked my friend.
I'm not going anywhere until she's dead.
I promised your father on his dying breath
I would protect you.
I'm not breaking my word now.
Do you have any weapons?
Nadia.
Your aim's gotten better.
-Where is Orin?
-Rot in hell you jelly bitch!
Now, where's Orin?
I'm right here.
Your mother can't protect you this time.
What did you do to her?
You'll find out.
You're coming home, Orin.
Orin?
Not today!
Well done, Orin.
Your father would've been proud.
I'm sorry, Eva.
How much do you
remember, Lieutenant Torres?
You know, that siren
was just the beginning.
There are creatures in the deep you
couldn't imagine in your worst nightmares.
Oh, that’s reassuring. Thanks a lot.
I'm not here to make you feel good.
I'm here to prepare you for the worst.
Look, we should've started
your training years ago.
Then let's do it.
Let's start now.
I'm ready.
A birthday gift.
Kind of feels like a book.
Not really much a reader.
Just open it.
Henry The Fourth Parts I and II. Hmm.
Didn't really know
Shakespeare was into sequels.
I expect for you to have
read them by next week.
Uh, I gave up book reports in sixth grade.
This is part of your training.
Right. See, when you said
training. I thought you meant,
you know, wielding tridents
and doing cool stuff in the water.
All in due time. Don't
worry.
There's plenty sex and violence in there
to keep you interested.
Can't you just hit the highlights
and tell me how it ends?
The lesson isn't in the
ending, Orin. It's in the journey.